Add doc for Apache httpd deployment (#2094)
jupyter-book/mystmd: docs/deployment-httpd.md

For example, let's assume your web server's base URL is `http://www.example.com`, it uses `/var/www/html` as its `DocumentRoot`, and that your MyST project's `_build` directory is `/var/www/html/my_MyST_project/_build`.

The URL for your static MyST project would therefore be `http://www.example.com/my_MyST_project/_build`.

:::{warning} Enable automatic `.html` file suffixes
`myst build --html` will produce HTML-formatted files that have `.html` as their suffix for `.md` and (if you choose to `execute` Jupyter notebooks) `.ipynb` files that you list in your project's [table of contents](table-of-contents.md).

However, the links that are generated will not have `.html` as part of their HREFs. You will need to add a directive in your Apache httpd configuration file to make these links work properly.

For example, assuming your httpd configuration file lives in `/etc/httpd/conf/httpd.conf`, add the following stanza, and then reload/restart your Apache web server:

```
<Directory "/var/www/html/my_Myst_project/_build">
    RewriteEngine On
    RewriteCond %{REQUEST_FILENAME}.html -f
    RewriteRule ^([^\.]+)$ $1.html [L]

> </Directory>

Reviewer: I took a look at this, and I think `MultiViews` is the preferred way to do this! Thank you both for the discussion!

To get multiviews working, here are my changes to the default configuration:

Add the negotiation module
```
LoadModule negotiation_module modules/mod_negotiation.so
```

Set the `MultiViews` option:
```
<Directory "...">
    ...
    Options ... MultiViews
    ...
</Directory>

```

@ktyle do you have capacity to make this change and get the PR over the line? If not, I can finish it up.

---
title: Deploy on an Apache web server (httpd)
short_title: Apache httpd
description: Deploy your MyST site on Apache httpd
---

Once you have built a static version of your MyST project via `myst build --html`, it can be served on an [Apache web server (httpd)](https://httpd.apache.org) instance.

> For example, let's assume your web server's base URL is `http://www.example.com`, it uses `/var/www/html` as its `DocumentRoot`, and that your MyST project's `_build` directory is `/var/www/html/my_MyST_project/_build`.
> 
> The URL for your static MyST project would therefore be `http://www.example.com/my_MyST_project/_build`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For example, let's assume your web server's base URL is `http://www.example.com`, it uses `/var/www/html` as its `DocumentRoot`. You should copy the contents of your `_build/html/` directory into the `/var/www/html/` directory.

The URL for your static MyST project would then be `http://www.example.com/`.
```

:::{warning} Enable automatic `.html` file suffixes
`myst build --html` will produce HTML-formatted files that have `.html` as their suffix for `.md` and (if you choose to `execute` Jupyter notebooks) `.ipynb` files that you list in your project's [table of contents](table-of-contents.md).

However, the links that are generated will not have `.html` as part of their HREFs. You will need to enable the [MultiViews](https://httpd.apache.org/docs/2.4/content-negotiation.html#multiviews) option in your Apache httpd configuration file to make these links work properly.

For example, assuming your httpd configuration file lives in `/etc/httpd/conf/httpd.conf`, add the following stanza, and then reload/restart your Apache web server:

```

> <Directory "/var/www/html/my_Myst_project/_build">

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<Directory "/var/www/html/">
```

---
title: Deploy on an Apache web server (httpd)
short_title: Apache httpd
description: Deploy your MyST site on Apache httpd
---

Once you have built a static version of your MyST project via `myst build --html`, it can be served on an [Apache web server (httpd)](https://httpd.apache.org) instance.

> For example, let's assume your web server's base URL is `http://www.example.com`, it uses `/var/www/html` as its `DocumentRoot`. If you copy the `_build/html/` directory to `/var/www/html/my-project`, then the URL would be `http://www.example.com/my-project`:
> 
> ```shell
> cp -r _build/html /var/www/html/my-project
> ```

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
For example, let's assume your web server's base URL is `http://www.example.com` and it uses `/var/www/html` as its `DocumentRoot`. If you copy the `_build/html/` directory to `/var/www/html/my-project` using

```shell
cp -r _build/html /var/www/html/my-project
```

then the resulting URL would be `http://www.example.com/my-project`.
```

---
title: Deploy on an Apache web server (httpd)
short_title: Apache httpd
description: Deploy your MyST site on Apache httpd
---

Once you have built a static version of your MyST project via `myst build --html`, it can be served on an [Apache web server (httpd)](https://httpd.apache.org) instance.

> For example, let's assume your web server's base URL is `http://www.example.com`, it uses `/var/www/html` as its `DocumentRoot`. If you copy the `_build/html/` directory to `/var/www/html/my-project`, then the URL would be: `http://www.example.com/my-project`:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
For example, let's assume your web server's base URL is `http://www.example.com`, it uses `/var/www/html` as its `DocumentRoot`. If you copy the `_build/html/` directory to `/var/www/html/my-project`, then the URL would be `http://www.example.com/my-project`:
```

```shell
cp -r _build/html /var/www/html/my-project
```

> The URL for your static MyST project would then be `http://www.example.com/`.
> 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```

Once you have built a static version of your MyST project via `myst build --html`, it can be served on an [Apache web server (httpd)](https://httpd.apache.org) instance.

> For example, let's assume your web server's base URL is `http://www.example.com`, it uses `/var/www/html` as its `DocumentRoot`. You should copy the contents of your `_build/html/` directory into the `/var/www/html/` directory.

Reviewer 2: With this rewording, the difference between root and non-root site disappears. I think the root version can be inferred from the other. Consider something like:

```suggestion
For example, let's assume your web server's base URL is `http://www.example.com`, it uses `/var/www/html` as its `DocumentRoot`. If you copy the `_build/html/` directory to `/var/www/html/my-project`, then the URL would be: `http://www.example.com/my-project`:

cp -r _build/html /var/www/html/my-project
```

(Minor suggestion, not a big deal.)
